feat(select-menus): add access select menu values (#1320)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/select-menus.md

});
```

## Accessing select menu interaction values

After receiving your <DocsLink path="class/SelectMenuInteraction"/> you will be able to access the selected values from <DocsLink path="class/SelectMenuInteraction?scrollTo=values"/>. This will return an array of string values associated with the selected options in your select menu.

> ```js {4,6}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of a multi-select menu, the received <DocsLink path="class/SelectMenuInteraction?scrollTo=values"/> may contain more than one value, and should be handled accordingly:

```js {4,6}
```

client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isSelectMenu()) return;

	const selected = interaction.values.join(', ');

	await interaction.update(`The user selected ${selected}!`);
});
```

> The snippet below accesses the first index of the returned array to demonstrate how single-select menu values can be handled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, select menus only accept a single selection. You can retrieve the selected value by accessing the first index of the returned array, as demonstrated in the snippet below:
```
